update: rewrite the coroutines flow operators page (#4702)
Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines: docs/topics/coroutines-flow-operators.md

<contribute-url>https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines/edit/master/docs/topics/</contribute-url>

[//]: # (title: Flow operators)

Flow operators let you transform and process values in a flow pipeline.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Kotlin provides two main kinds of flow operators:

* [**Intermediate operators**](#intermediate-operators) return a new downstream flow that consumes values from upstream flows and applies an operation to them.

> * [**Terminal operators**](#terminal-operators) trigger execution of the flow pipeline by collecting an upstream flow. They may also return a result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**Terminal operators**](#terminal-operators) trigger the execution of the flow pipeline by collecting an upstream flow. They may also return a result.
```

Author: I don't think it needs the article, but it's grammatically correct either way, so let's go with it. 👍

While the [`kotlinx.coroutines`](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines) library offers a wide range of flow operators,
you can also define custom ones when you need behavior that the built-in operators don't provide.

> The following sections include examples for custom implementations alongside the corresponding built-in operators.
>
{style="tip"}

## Intermediate operators

Intermediate operators return a new downstream flow that consumes values from upstream flows.
You can chain several intermediate operators to build a flow pipeline before collecting the final result.

> Intermediate operators can fall into the following categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intermediate operators fall into the following categories:
```

Reviewer: Or "can act as", "can be classified into", or just "can be"

Author: can be classified into works well! 👍 let's go with that
with simply fall into my issue would be that these are not actual defined categories, they act more like as arbitrary categories decided based on what the operator does

> * [**Transforming operators**](#transforming-operators) transform values before emitting them downstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**Transforming operators**](#transforming-operators) change values before emitting them downstream.
```

Reviewer: to avoid repetition

Author: hmm 🤔 I'd prefer the repetition even if it's a a bit repetitive. change would imply to me that we are modifying the value itself which might not always be the case.

        emit(transformed)
    }
}

//sampleStart
suspend fun main() = withContext(Dispatchers.Default) {
    // Converts each string to Double and skips values that can't be converted
    val flow = flowOf("1.2", "10", "11", "error", "0.000")
        .mapNotNull { it.toDoubleOrNull() }
    
    println(flow.toList())
    // [1.2, 10.0, 11.0, 0.0]
}
//sampleEnd
```
{kotlin-runnable="true"}

### Filtering and size-limiting operators

Filtering and size-limiting operators control which values continue downstream from a flow.
You can use them to remove repeated consecutive values, skip values from the beginning of a flow, or cancel collection after a specified number of values.

To ignore repeated consecutive values, use the [`.distinctUntilChanged()`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/kotlinx.coroutines/kotlinx-coroutines-core/kotlinx.coroutines.flow/distinct-until-changed.html) operator.
It emits a value only when it differs from the previously emitted value:

```kotlin
import kotlinx.coroutines.*
import kotlinx.coroutines.flow.*

// A simplified custom version of the default .distinctUntilChanged() operator
fun <T> Flow<T>.myDistinctUntilChanged(): Flow<T> = flow {

>     var lastEmitted: Any? = Any() // a value not equal to anything but itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    var lastEmitted: Any? = Any() // A value that is equal only to itself
```

    require(count > 0)
    val cancellationException = CancellationException()
    var elementsRemaining = count
    try {
        this@myTake.collect {
            emit(it)
            --elementsRemaining
            if (elementsRemaining == 0) {
                // Cancels the upstream flow after the requested number of values
                throw cancellationException
            }
        }
    } catch (e: Throwable) {
        if (e === cancellationException) {
            // Handles the CancellationException used to cancel the upstream flow
            // Completes the flow after the set number of values in .myTake()
        } else {
            // Rethrows unexpected exceptions
            throw e
        }
    }
}

//sampleStart
suspend fun main() = withContext(Dispatchers.Default) {
    // Collects only the first three values from the upstream flow
    val flow = (0..1000).asFlow().take(3)

    println(flow.toList())
    // [0, 1, 2]
}
//sampleEnd
```
{kotlin-runnable="true"}

### Concurrent processing operators

By default, a flow pipeline processes values sequentially.
The upstream flow emits a value, and collectors process it before the next value is emitted.

> To run the upstream flow concurrently with downstream collection, use concurrent processing operators to introduce a buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the upstream flow concurrently with a downstream collection, use concurrent processing operators to introduce a buffer.
```

Author: This would slightly change the meaning 🤔

> A buffer stores values that the upstream flow has emitted but the collector hasn't processed yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A buffer stores values that the upstream flow has emitted, but the collector hasn't processed yet.
```

One operator that introduces this buffer is the [`.buffer()`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/kotlinx.coroutines/kotlinx-coroutines-core/kotlinx.coroutines.flow/buffer.html) operator.
It lets you configure the buffer capacity and what happens when the buffer is full.

> Here's an example:

Reviewer: I think here and everywhere on this page, instead of a separate paragraph for "Here's an example:" it could be "For example" inside the previous one or just a semicolon to introduce the example

Author: I changed it where we can. 👍 Somewhere, I think it would make the sentence a bit too heavy with another clause.
